We ♡ docs! (#172)
packit-service/packit: docs/create_bodhi_update.md

# `packit create-update`

Create a new bodhi update for the latest Fedora build of the upstream project.

## Requirements

* Upstream git repository on Github.
* Packit config file placed in the upstream repository.
* Valid Fedora Kerberos ticket.

## Tutorial

1. [Place a config file for packit in the root of your upstream repository.](/docs/configuration.md).

> 2. Once the builds are already done, you can run the `create-update` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once the [builds are done](build.md), you can run the `create-update` command.
```
